I thought that friend is talking and today we are
in another video here the video of a boxing
of a guest as I said it is not a
brand well known for the band and lead
four tec for those who do not know and I
I paid 70 reais nor is it an inexpensive sport
You're filming for my girlfriend and then I
I bought the usual tree because of the
ngola and all against the yuan in boxing in the
speedy track of gaza in this business like
If it were the singer she gets business when
it only shapes himself that he is a large guest
so basically here he is back
here in front of it is written in xote
and the English tabloid site has here to
who knows the mouse of them that mouse that
have record control is automatic
that in his macro case
it is a smooth surface here one
different noise here comparison of
size 42 85
must say it's 30 with a 25 if not me
cheating the front jealousy well spoken and
It's not expensive I see it cost 130
real
he will know very upright here goes
staying the size is good for me
now in the same program with mouse
pad the mouse dropped near then problems
But now to sell he refused to
say why I did not like him so it was
more or less, that was just to show
even the mouse pad at the time as for him
So this is even better and it was me.